The pessimistic you, the merciless you
The self loving, what are you looking at there?

Amidst the comparison and proportions
You're screaming yourself mad.
This is what you wanted, right?
You must be a romanticist

All of a sudden I thought back, there's no love here.
Run through again and again, I'm going to break somewhere.

Love me please. my blood, the meaning behind it
Love me please, give this value to this day.

Gasp for breath
That's right, ask that pig with meat
That you lose your heart because you spend money to fulfil
That girl laughs at your sorry face
That's right, the love underneath the suit
That's right, the politeness underneath the suit

Even if you don't know the answer to the simple question of C
The eyes to see the reality is far more important
I laugh at the sorry sky
That's right, the love underneath the sunny day
That's right, underneath the sunny day . . .

All you people looking at me, you just say what you want
You never some and reach your hand out to me
You buy love for me on my birthday
Today it's cloudy and partly rain

Actuality, I want to love the world before me
Actuality, I do, but

dead freedom
If you've forgotten how to scream then scream right here and live right here
I will scream as much as I want and if my voice dies, then let my voice die
If you've forgotten how to scream then scream right here and live right here
I will scream no matter how many times I die My voice will die
But I will scream here my heart
We can dive
Where's the fortunate future?
Where does our fortunate future come?

dick men
fuck off fuck off
and wipe
(Get back my merrily memory)

under the sun
To be revealed as if you were to be ridiculed, the disclosure of the flow of the red river

You walk the mountain road made of corpses smiling
Again you reach out and ants gather around the lily
under the sun
People that can't redeem have ash, tears, and taciturnity in both their hands . . .
What's Cruel is that the Sun and the Moon comes together
Even tomorrow looks away
On the Red Day you question taciturnity and . . .
I have lived in restrict   I want to disappear more than to forget
I laugh back at people like you, who act like you understand

You people just live on laughing, saying something good will happen tomorrow
There was always something different about you and me and
the way you talk from the beginning

It's not unusual anymore to get hurt by you
So again when you hurt me, I just laugh back at you

Just wishing it wasn't real is my only negative way to escape . . .

ash to ash
I am just garbage with an umbrella So give me my dream
I am used to hiding underneath the umbrella So I want you for me
Can you hear me?
The dance holds together this little girl As she waits for the morning
The best friend   She has no one to wave to anymore

The good old days are so dear
The ashes are like flower petals that rise up to the sky

Say good bye as we torch the fire to the victims stacked up
The ashes are like flower petals that rise up to the sky

Let's put on a dress and dance
I gave her my endless love   But she cries aloud . . . So I
Now take off the dress and go to sleep
The endless love The little girl with happiness on her sleeping face is gone

The decomposed dress and the leg of the little girl
I carry
I will communicate with love
I will kill with emotion
From that very day I was able to laugh freely . . .
Do you think that was a long time ago? I thought

The threatening world pressuring in?
Meaning that world would be outside of the cage?
Eventually I will get used to it, but when will this scar disappear?

Let's go out into the city with a bat
Come and play with me more

Do it now. God bless me! Bless you!
I cry from pain
ominous communication

You must be happy with logics and contradictions

When unhappiness creeps in
The meaning of that doesn't change
Am I laughing well in your world?

Who is more tragic?
You are probably more serious

I'll probably be able to laugh more when I am torn and hurt

False accusations kill me

Cries of grief will lead you to Jesus

Jesus Christ Rock'n Roll
Let's meet up in a sigh

Jesus Christ Rock'n Roll
Bound together firmly
Jesus Christ Rock'n Roll
With no way out it is shaved off
Jesus Christ Rock'n Roll
As dark as dark sky and earth, dizzily mad
As sore as sore the back of the gullet, dizziness

You can't catch me,   can't catch me
Can blind birds fly? They can't

I go up   the blind stairs intently

Ladies and gentlemen, time is over
Ladies and gentlemen, please die

My child flowing down the sewer is a piece of incompetence
Can't grasp anything with my hands

Like a garbage I go back to doing

Whatever I wish, it's weed life

Night and day at the end of the day, all day and so every day
I scream even in my dreams I want to become happy

Rosy lipstick My child laughing is a sign of incompetence
Self torture . . . abuse . . . die . . . wanna forget . . . I hate
The song game of counting petals
MY COMEUPPANCE AND YOUR IGNORANCE

LYRICAL SHOW TIME
Full of ABILITY It's the Blood Red SHOW TIME  SHOW TIME
COMICAL SHOW TIME
Inflammation of VITALITY It's the Blood Red SHOW TIME
CYNICAL SHOW TIME
REALITY Comes to life It's the Blood Red SHOW TIME
SHOW TIME
RADICAL SHOW TIME
ETERNITY breaks It's the Blood Red SHOW TIME

That's right, I still can't find the meaning of my existence
That's why I slice the meaning on my body more and more and more and more
-Go ahead and laugh, and just walk away-

The voices of backstabbers still stick to me
Someday maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe the voice will be heard straight to my heart
-Go ahead and just laugh, and break away-

HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
NO THANK YOU! NO THANK YOU! . . . GOOD BYE!
HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
It's better then to not even notice

MY COMEUPPANCE AND YOUR IGNORANCE
THAT'S ALL I KNOW ABOUT IT (GO AHEAD!)

HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
NO THANK YOU! NO THANK YOU! . . . GOOD BYE!
HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
HURRY UP! HURRY UP! WRIST-CUT SHOW!
SHOW TIME It's none of my business . . . hehehe

THAT'S ALL I KNOW ABOUT IT (GO AHEAD!)
PLEASE COME TO THE LAST GASP WITH ME (MY PLEASURE)
Here is some water for the dead tree... I see your reflection in the dirty water...
Dreams and aspirations Your ideals in the big sky
Passionate Red
The one I loved so much...
Ideals being sweeter then candy are just ideals

No-one wants the present

Point your finger Goodbye
I feel love on my forehead at gun point
Even the child with the red coat swallows her tears as she faces reality

Why? Why? Over and Over
It will never heal
Why? Why? Over and Over
My dead heart...

Love, tenderness, freedom and peace
The intention is clear, I stare . . . with this left hand, unable to be worded
Every time I bleed, there lies the reason to live . . . And I discover words being so vivid and bright

Even loved ones scatter like petals from flowers in my hand
So even if I engraved the meaning that I lived in my hand, it will only be known as flowers of vanity

the final

One by one it multiplies . . . why be a sad bait?

Deep within the hell of my heart . . . I can't go back
A self-torture loser, not being able to see tomorrow
Suicide is the proof of life

Even loved ones scatter like petals from flowers in my hand
So even if I engraved the meaning that I lived in my hand, the petals will just scatter as flowers of vanity

So I can't live
What's lost can't be born again

A song that's not even seeking the proof of living
Let's put an end . . . the final

Let's bloom flowers of attempted suicide . . .
He looks down on me
So, I will love him until I die
His face is his number one pride
Stupid motherfucker
Die

He deceives me
No, actually he's being deceived by me
Go to hell and get the fuck out of my way
You baby boy

He respects me
But he doesn't want to admit it
Don't be spellbound by your weakness
Why don't you just go and kiss up to that ho

I'm gonna hit you up with this here fresh
I'm gonna hit you up with that there fresh

Here is the very best ballad for you
You drown in hypocritical sin
The very best ballad for you
The one I love and adore number - 4


I'm gonna hit you up with this here tower
I'm gonna hit you up with that there tower

blow

You, just living is a pollution
You, just living is a sin
You are living. So please die
You know me, I just shut my eyes to my own shortcoming . . . hehe
So I want you for me to die

Hide your bloodshot eyes   Swallow your loneliness   The voices pressures to
Your words that ask for me   The joy of being needed
I bite my nails just a little

Hide your crying wrists   The spilling milk   The persistent cat becomes silent
You don't want it but can't take your eyes off of the spilled milk
Is that love? Mistake?
I look at you just a little

I picture the swaying vision   Of the reality being real   You test me persistently
You get angry when I don't agree   You lose yourself
And I fall in love with you once again

Can't be touched   Won't be touched

blind sorrow

I know it's hard for you to wait for me, so don't cry, go ahead and sleep
What do you want from me? If I say to you that you look beautiful, will you be able to sleep?

You stare at the flower by the window, without even blinking
You want what you can't have, You wish to be pregnant But the only thing you can't bear is this child's . . .
It's so dark and dark and dreadful Let's calm down with an old tale
I am good at pretending to cry So I spill the milk and I yell her the truth about not being pregnant

Don't do an excessive thing
The sadness on the face will probably be gone tomorrow
When did my eyes become dead?

What is waiting for me tomorrow as I sing and live without meaning?
Alone in my room as my heartbeat screams
Don't kid yourself and don't fool yourself

I am addicted to the perceived fate
I am alone I linger on to this fate
Don't kid yourself and don't wound yourself

The unstoppable rain   The unstoppable sound   The unstoppable rain
The unstoppable love   The unstoppable song . . .
I can't stop it anymore
I can't handle it anymore

Kill the voice  Close your eyes   Drown in the darkness Roam around
I won't depend on anyone anymore
Kill the voice   Close your eyes   Drown in the darkness Roam around
I keep inside me your keen voice . . .
All in darkness

It's such an irony this sunny bright weather
-Good Morning-
Nameless
We continue to have thoughts
Nameless
And feel pain
Nameless
We’ve been put through trials
From that day forward,
We have been killed,
And forced to fight...

"I wonder what is it that we can do?"
Suddenly I notice we are now alive in this world
In this world that took a mere seven days to create
Seven days ago we were just wandering aimlessly

We see this earth armed with well-worn concrete
And this sky that keeps on changing
That is our reality and we won’t stop believing that we’re alive
"Maybe it’s a dream"
But who decides that something is a dream?

Flowers have blossomed and come to bear seeds
The words we need to live once again start to go against us
Inside that blue ring hellfire burns
Killing each other our hearts have sunk
Unable to smile…and alone

"Say you decided to get rid of your current self..."
‘I would want to become one with you and destroy it all’

Whether it’s the water I need to be saved, or the insects that are here to destroy
People will believe nothing but things they have seen with their "own eyes"

Nameless
We who have begun to raise our voices
And the one who has vanished due to those voices
And lost their name
Belong to the future I’ve said a tearful goodbye to that day
Belong to the past full of pain that I’ve destroyed

I want to keep on living
Without having to fight
If only a pain"less" day would come...
Hey
I'm sure you can hear them too

The blue-nosed Pierrot you saw back then,
Or the hippopotamus with red eyes

When you wake on a Sunday morning, and the rain had fallen

You can hear those colours and scents, too

Open the blue-black curtain,

And my Ideas will take flight.
"Theatrical blue-black"
The time is up... for the two-sided identity

Sometimes, spoiling your insides by eating stale stories can be a kind of pleasure too?
Somebody had said, "Isn't dying a great luxury?"
So by "I want to die" I mean I'll try to live

If we take that a brilliant reputation is like crayons in 24 colours,
I am then nothing but extremely ordinary pens in 3 colours

The birdcage on my surface starts to ache
The blue-black, invisible curtain
rises up after the show's end and, I, paint the sky

"Theatrical blue-black"
I'll implant in you a deadly medicine,
"Theatrical blue-black"
A certain splendid way you can fly too
And as our artistic intents join together, our hearts will be more for it

Severed, the sky won't recover

If you dream of tomorrow, it means you're aware of yesterday's pain
So we should only think about walking through the present
The curtain rises up after the show's end and, I, paint the sky

"Theatrical blue-black"
Won't you make "us" the air "you" breathe?
"Theatrical blue-black"
I will repaint it for you,
This green scenery

People keep going through life in pain

"Theatrical black shine"
I will repaint it together with you,
Using our invisible wings
Why are you,
Why are you,
Slitting your wrists thinking you want to die?
It'll leave scars
And if tomorrow does come tears will come too...

Why am I,
Why am I,
Thinking about living?
Let's join hands and dive,
Into countless vortices

A spoonful of happiness...
Just like a drug, turns even dying into a regrettable thing

A dying man needs to die.
"Are you not alive because you're desperate to find 'THAT' which seems to be bursting apart?"

Why are you,
Why are you,
Diving in alone,
Thinking your existence is a nuisance,
And that you're loved by no one

Why am I,
Why am I,
Taken prisoner by living?
Inside countless vortices,
I sing to countless scars

It must be difficult for you to fly with just one wing, so I'll give you a push...

We take knives into our right hands, thinking it strange
That there are people alive all over the world

A dying man needs to die.
I am your missing wing
Are you not alive so you can someday find "something"?
When I escape because it's painful, the angel of emotion makes it rain.
The potency of senses...

I don't care for "tear-jerkers" just like I don't care for the final passages in cliche novels

Hungry Psychopath
I'm breaking again
I'm drowning again
Magical words are unclear
I'm hungry 1
Hungry Psychopath
I'm destroying again
We're drowning together
The words when we met...
You got hungry again, didn't you?

There must have arisen some worldwide discrepancies between the ideal and the reality.
The hue of melancholy...

I'll go pick you
The sky is blue
so I can increase myself

Hungry Psychopath
I'm breaking again
I'm drowning again
Magical words are unclear
I'm hungry
Hungry Psychopath
I'm destroying again
We're drowning together
The words when we met...
You got hungry again, didn't you?

Somewhere behind your ears
There might be another you

Hungry Psychopath
I'm breaking again
I'm drowning again
Magical words are unclear
I'm hungry
Hungry Psychopath
"Stealing my heart... what do you mean?"
「Just making your stomach hurt out of nowhere... something like that.」
Lyrical with you
Mr. Rain woke up
Up until yesterday, which was solidified and dry...
Though his eyes were closed,
Though he conversed,
It's coming in
It won't disappear

OD... Mr. Rain
Has gotten tired... of thinking
Though he opens the door,
Though he keeps walking,
It's coming in
It won't disappear

Time does not stop even though I act like I'm dead
The attacking arrows are like centipedes frightening me
It's okay
I'm crying
If there's such a "thing" as living,
I'll let you know,
Of the view beyond

Mr. Rain screams alone
I decide that there is no death for gods
If I can make it so that I am the god for those who are looking for light

Time does not stop even though I act like I'm dead
The attacking arrows are like centipedes frightening me
It's okay
I'm crying
I guess there is such a "thing" as living?
I'll let you hear,
The painful view
The flightless RAVEN

Echoing, voices that raised the flag
are slowly disappearing

Vicious executioners
Set fire to the minority
"Don't worry, you won't die"
It's all full of negligence and looking the other way
The big-shots say, "Focus on the future in front of you!"
People are worried
But instead of that, we are questioning the days that we live in now

When we speak up, we're shot down
Adults say silent disapprovals with their eyes
Keyboards that remove sound's colour are scrapped, done away with, and we lose sight of the future
Costumes that signed the contract
Get washed over by the waves of this situation,
And as just one tiny thread snaps, we are abandoned into the darkness of isolation

On mornings when we wish for death, nothing but hope starts to melt from our mouths
People around don't notice those who are crying
Wings clouded with black won't help us see the future
On nights when we wish to disappear there isn't a single place we can hide into
We were supposed to stay together yet still lose each other along the way
And whether someday we'll see light after taking the jump...

There is no light

Hello, flightless Birthday!!

We don't know where to turn
We don't know ourselves
Saying a thing like ‘I want to die' makes this world a worse place
This is a world where information is thrown around carelessly
Our wounds are forsaken,
And as we block out the words that come welling up, they turn into loneliness full of tears

Will our voices also be heard, so that morning can come again?
In the days that ought to come someday,
We will be the wandering ravens
We don't mind even if we get wounds we cannot speak of
We are alive so we will shout now

Though we're alive, someday we'll die
If we keep living, someday we'll still die
So shouldn't we be able to feel happiness
For a single moment of our time in this life?
I surrender myself to the shapeless melody
Gloom... and strangely shining transience

Again I take them into my hand and draw, a simple sundown
With a spoon, I mix into it, a prayer

Hey, you can hear it
The shadow turning lighter,
The arpeggio inside threatening sheets opening up

I wonder if you'll secretly cry and what you'll draw
inside this shadow that is carrying my song again
It'll get painful for me and I'll scream
inside your shadow that is carrying over my song again

"It seems the separate volumes have become one volume"
You're already like me, you who blurted that out

You cried at the concealing walls like a child,
as you fell asleep seeped in my voice
I hate the times when I can't see a thing
in the shadow of the present that is carrying another future
I wonder if you'll secretly cry and what you'll draw
inside this shadow that is carrying my song again
It'll get painful for me and I'll scream
inside your shadow that is carrying over my song again
Once I had turned away, in those clear days
Came beckoning a thread of innocence
Was that the "tragedy" slipping through the cracks I had closed off?

If I put it into words, I can only send a bitter gift of farewell to the past...
And the memories of it will still pierce through my skin, like glass

If you want, I will become whatever you wish me to be
The past I'd turned away from was shaken by that sound
Unable to even make eye contact, I stopped listening to the silence
Because I know your pain too

If I pretend to smile when once again I begin to shut everything out,
Will you cry? Or will you smile at me?

Our fingers searched for each other as if we were about to fall
You'd cried like a child, and I didn't want to spoil that image,
So I closed my eyes

If you want, I will become whatever you wish me to be
Taken by surprise, I cried... there is rain outside
"If you are not here with me, I'll disappear"
An echo of codependency

If suddenly you were to die,
I'd surely feel relieved
I'd have no reason to cry,
Or to be in pain,
Or to love...

[ "I like you,"
A moment condensed into words
The past I'd turned away from was shaken by that sound ]

[ "Because I love you," I held you as you were falling apart
Taken by surprise, I cried... there is rain outside ]

If "you" want, I will become whatever you wish me to be
I can count the free spaces on my fingers...
Even if a deep darkness awaits in the future I can't yet see,
The past has now bloomed,
And is falling into an endless abyss...

I calmly gathered the vestiges of dried rain,
Along with eternity
RED draws so very near
Let's go look for flowers
Let's go, shutting out even that place where we were suspended in chains

You end up disappearing
This world is so vast
Where is the fiction that makes us forget even the hurtful things?

Children dressed as the devil
Are soldiers guarding that place
Let's acquire the art of cunning in exchange for common knowledge

hatred x tangle red x WORLD
=hatred x hunger red
Just about everyone forces someone to step back so they can thrive
hatred x tangle red x WORLD
＝hatred x hunger red
This time when I've stopped saying "I'm just alive" could last forever too

From the hidden cracks
The corpse of a kitten is laughing,
Telling me to choose eternal sleep if my future will be spent abandoned

I am a slave, a slave that's been forced into something in this world
Will the answer I've been waiting so much for come? If needed, I'm monochrome
Light,
Hide the truth now
I beg of you
For a momentary Ideal

Ah... I kick away the countless glass beads that have scattered about
I shake with this pain that's piercing through my body again
Ah... I don't even want to take in that sight, the treachery and the sheep's eyes
I'm deluding myself again, saying things like "is this fate"

pray... This world is forever the same
ray... I don't even want to save it

Light,
Encircle the pain now,
So as to accept the hidden wounds
Light,
Hide the truth now,
I beg of you
For a momentary Ideal

Ah... A jet-black bell tolls, my fingertips are cut off
Again my freedom is taken, and swarming eyes are laughing
Ah... "Shall we destroy together?" Waiting anxiously for those words,
Again I'm attacked by the passage of time and I start running away

pray... This world is forever the same
ray... I want for you to start saving it

Light,
Shine on the pain now,
So as to outline the hidden wounds
Light,
Show me the truth now,
And draw me
A momentary Ideal
Have you not noticed
what I always do?
BITE & LICK
BITE & LICK
When I bite I won't let go

Touched by pain,
I smile with a tear-stained face
BITE & LICK
BITE & LICK
When I bite I won't let go

At least the lyricism of the present moment, flaunted as freedom,
should be incomprehensible to lacking minds

The late-night show is loud until the very end
You draw close to stroke my head
Limits reached, an applause of hearts gushes forth
This useless dog with bad memory is enough for you

"Hey, d'you know? That food tastes bad"
"Hey, are you listening? Pet me"
I chew to bits many a pill
And keep crying, failing to fall asleep
This dulling is to hide the past
But without me noticing, the hurt just increases

I gulp down Platinum to the last drop
Out comes the smoke of sadness
Words get pounded down quickly
"For how long should I smile?"
I'm told delusions are free of charge
‘Adorning body in love'
I pledge, "I'll smile! From now on"
Please stop!
"What do you know?"

Ah... my unappreciated song
Ah... honest leader, ask

I want to destroy, I want to destroy
I take love in my hands
And I myself can't respond,
But I close my eyes and try to smile
We'll continue living,
Through these ugly suicide attempts
Dazzling evil disturbs those who have fallen into hellfire
The devil with no wings gives himself over to me
He bows his head down and wanders, thirsting for new blood
Now stuck in the same cycle of life, he cuts out pentagrams

Nauseated, I'm puzzled by the shiny blue gems I devour
I had put too much trust in my own strength, and now wail with pain
I will stroke your head, and only today give you candy
That shaking body adorned with piercings that was given to me–I will force it to transform itself

Pledge your loyalty,
I grin
We'll exchange cups
Offer up prayers to me until your life ends
I'll put rewards in my songs...
Pledge your loyalty,
I grin
I'll hold you close
Should your life end I'll shed tears for you
I'll put rewards in my voice...
If you don't know how to kill, then think about ways to hide

As long as I'm alive inside you, the music will continue to play every day
The sound might not be the same but making it your world and voicing it should be your reason to live

It's okay to live in there
It's okay to just pretend on the outside
I'll do your part too

I hope I can stay here and make you my reason to live every day
Imagining your world is fun and I hope I can start feeling like I want to stay here a bit longer
I'm not forcing you to live every day
But why are you over there?

I think I understand, actually
It's because you won't stop singing there

You had told me
That,
"I'm here because you're alive"

so close... yet so far
Even with the red shoes
Crying, trembling, I am turning cristate
Since this is the world we choose to live in,
"We'll make it so that I am you, and you are me"
　
Shadow dances aflicker,
Falling as if directed to
A burning, sweet dream

They get washed away slowly
Black hair, the marionette
No bare body to be seen

The wings are now broken,
Ah, ah…
By the colour of sins hidden away
And I can forget,
Ah, ah…
After the scent is buried away

Light dances down from the sky,
Strikes through my heart
And bright red rain starts to fall
It's ending… Isn't it lovely?
Light dances down from the sky,
Tears out my outstretched arm,
And I die, drowned in the past
Streaming down my face

I buckle, wanting to be loved
I splashed on Egoiste
Shall we…dance like this?

As if covering my mouth,
My hair that's grown longer
Rejects the songs of despair

Dramatic words will again
Make this room lonesome
Broken sounds will visit my ears

You dance down from the sky
Full of dreams,
Your shining irises are quite radiant
I dance down from the sky
Obscuring meanings,
I had been blooming
In time, I'll die by drowning
"Yes, we must make a choice. For the future."

A NEW
START
FOR OUR FUTURE
FOR OUR TOMORROW

"WE'LL START TO MOVE"

Did you know?
That there are different sides
to this world we are seeing.

"The rain won't last forever"
is something I've sung somewhere, however

I
want to continue sending
"that endless rain"
even if its form isn't that of droplets fallen from the sky.

-Fin... ?-
